What Is an Immutable Object?
    An immutable object is an object whose internal state remains constant after it has been entirely created.
    This means that once the object has been assigned to a variable, we can neither update the reference nor
        mutate the internal state by any means.

Why Is String Immutable in Java?
    The key benefits of keeping this class as immutable are caching, security, synchronization, and performance.

    Introduce to String Pool
        The String is the most widely used data structure.
        Caching the String literals and reusing them saves a lot of heap space because different String
            variables refer to the same object in the String pool.
        String intern pool serves exactly this purpose.

        Java String Pool is the special memory region where Strings are stored by the JVM.
        Since Strings are immutable in Java, the JVM optimizes the amount of memory allocated for them by
            storing only one copy of each literal String in the pool. This process is called interning:
            String s1 = "Hello World";
            String s2 = "Hello World";

            assertThat(s1 == s2).isTrue();
        two different variables are pointing to same String object from the pool, thus saving crucial memory resource.

    Security
        The String is widely used in Java applications to store sensitive pieces of information like usernames,
        passwords, connection URLs, network connections, etc. It's also used extensively by JVM class loaders
        while loading classes.
        If Strings were mutable, then by the time we execute the update, we can't be sure that the String we received,
            even after performing security checks, would be safe.
            The untrustworthy caller method still has the reference and can change the String between integrity checks.
            Thus making our query prone to SQL injections in this case. So mutable Strings could lead to degradation of
            security over time.
            It could also happen that the String userName is visible to another thread, which could then change its value after the integrity check.

    Synchronization
        Being immutable automatically makes the String thread safe since they won't be changed when accessed from multiple threads.
        Hence immutable objects, in general, can be shared across multiple threads running simultaneously. They're also thread-safe because if a
            thread changes the value, then instead of modifying the same, a new String would be created in the String pool.
            Hence, Strings are safe for multi-threading.

    Hashcode Caching
        Since String objects are abundantly used as a data structure, they are also widely used in hash implementations
        like HashMap,HashTable, HashSet, etc. When operating upon these hash implementations, hashCode() method is
        called quite frequently for bucketing.
        The immutability guarantees Strings that their value won’t change. So the hashCode() method is overridden in
        String class to facilitate caching, such that the hash is calculated and cached during the first hashCode()
        call and the same value is returned ever since.
        This, in turn, improves the performance of collections that uses hash implementations when operated with String objects.
        On the other hand, mutable Strings would produce two different hashcodes at the time of insertion and retrieval
        if contents of String was modified after the operation, potentially losing the value object in the Map.

    Performance
        As we saw previously, String pool exists because Strings are immutable. In turn, it enhances the performance by
        saving heap memory and faster access of hash implementations when operated with Strings.

        Since String is the most widely used data structure, improving the performance of String have a considerable
        effect on improving the performance of the whole application in general.

        4. Conclusion
